feat(Android): Add docs for Sentry Kotlin Compiler Plugin (#7026)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

<Note>

> If the `@Composable` doesn't have a `testTag` modifier applied, the transaction won't be captured because it can't be uniquely identified. Thus either a `testTag` modifier needs to be applied or the automatic `@Composable` tagging needs to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `@Composable` doesn't have a `testTag` modifier applied, the transaction won't be captured because it can't be uniquely identified. To capture a transaction for the `@Composable`, you must either add a `testTag` modifier or enable automatic `@Composable` tagging.
```

</Note>

> ##### Automatic @Composable tagging using the Sentry Kotlin Compiler Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Automatic `@Composable` tagging using the Sentry Kotlin Compiler Plugin
```

Reviewer: I think this should work?

<Note>

> The Sentry Kotlin Compiler plugin is considered _experimental_. Give it a try and provide early feedback [on github](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Kotlin Compiler plugin is considered _experimental_. Give it a try and provide early feedback [on GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin).
```
